Commons Against Empire and Capital License 1.0 International

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this Commons Against Empire and Capital
License 1.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this
Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed
Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and
the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor
receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and
conditions.

This Public License is intended to facilitate the circulation, study,
preservation, adaptation, and collective use of literary and artistic works
outside commercial exploitation, colonial domination, military occupation,
extractive accumulation, and related systems of empire.

Section 1 - Definitions.

a. Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that
is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed
Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in
a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the
Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a
musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always
produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving
image.

b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar
Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Public License.

c. Compatible License means a license designated by the Licensor, or by a public
compatibility list identified by the Licensor, as essentially equivalent to this
Public License in preserving Attribution, NonCommercial, ShareAlike,
anti-capitalist, and anti-imperialist conditions.

d. Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights closely
related to copyright including, without limitation, performance, broadcast, sound
recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without regard to how the rights are
labeled or categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the rights specified
in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar Rights.

e. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of
proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under
Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or
similar international agreements.

f. Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other
exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use
of the Licensed Material.

g. License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of this
Public License. The License Elements of this Public License are Attribution,
NonCommercial, ShareAlike, AntiCapitalist, and AntiImperialist.

h. Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database, or other
material to which the Licensor applied this Public License.

i. Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and
conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar
Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has
authority to license.

j. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this
Public License.

k. NonCommercial means not primarily intended for or directed towards commercial
advantage, private profit, shareholder return, rent extraction, speculative gain,
or monetary compensation. For purposes of this Public License, use by a for-
profit entity is presumed commercial unless the use is solely for internal study,
criticism, research, or archiving and is not connected to advertising, branding,
market positioning, product development, model training, sale, licensing,
fundraising, or revenue generation. The exchange of the Licensed Material for
other material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights by digital file-sharing or
similar means is NonCommercial provided there is no payment of monetary
compensation in connection with the exchange.

l. Prohibited Entity means any individual, organization, institution, or state
body using the Licensed Material in connection with: (1) military occupation,
annexation, colonization, or settlement; (2) apartheid, ethnic cleansing,
genocide, persecution, collective punishment, or forced displacement; (3)
intelligence, surveillance, policing, incarceration, border militarization,
detention, deportation, or carceral administration; (4) extraction or enclosure
of land, water, labor, culture, or knowledge for private accumulation; (5)
advertising, propaganda, public relations, lobbying, or narrative laundering in
support of any activity listed in this definition; or (6) fossil fuel expansion,
arms manufacturing, mercenary contracting, or other materially comparable systems
of violent domination or dispossession.

m. Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that
requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public
display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or
importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that
members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time
individually chosen by them.

n. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from
Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996
on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as
other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world.

o. You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this
Public License. Your has a corresponding meaning.

Section 2 - Scope.

a. License grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the
Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable,
non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the
Licensed Material to: (1) reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or
in part, for NonCommercial purposes only; and (2) produce, reproduce, and Share
Adapted Material for NonCommercial purposes only. No license is granted to any
Prohibited Entity, nor for any use in support of a Prohibited Entity, whether or
not that use is nominally NonCommercial.

b. Exceptions and Limitations. Where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your
use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its
terms and conditions.

c. Term. The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a).

d. Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The Licensor authorizes
You to exercise the Licensed Rights in all media and formats whether now known or
hereafter created, and to make technical modifications necessary to do so.
Simply making such technical modifications never produces Adapted Material.

e. Downstream recipients. Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically
receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the
terms and conditions of this Public License. Every recipient of Adapted Material
from You automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the
Licensed Rights in the Adapted Material under the conditions of the Adapter's
License You apply. You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms
or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed
Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient,
except that the anti-capitalist and anti-imperialist restrictions must be
preserved.

f. No endorsement. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be construed
as permission to assert or imply that You are, or that Your use of the Licensed
Material is, connected with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status
by, the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution.

g. Other rights. Moral rights, publicity, privacy, and similar personality rights
are not licensed under this Public License; however, to the extent possible, the
Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights to the limited extent
necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights. Patent and trademark
rights are not licensed. To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right
to collect royalties for NonCommercial exercise of the Licensed Rights.

Section 3 - License Conditions.

a. Attribution. If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form),
You must: (1) retain identification of the creator(s), a copyright notice, a
notice referring to this Public License, a notice referring to the disclaimer of
warranties, and a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent
reasonably practicable; (2) indicate if You modified the Licensed Material; and
(3) indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License and
include the text of, or a URI or hyperlink to, this Public License. These
conditions may be satisfied in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means,
and context of sharing. If requested by the Licensor, You must remove attribution
information to the extent reasonably practicable.

b. ShareAlike. If You Share Adapted Material, the Adapter's License You apply
must be this Public License, a later version published by the same steward, or a
Compatible License. You must include the text of, or a URI or hyperlink to, the
Adapter's License. You may not impose any additional or different terms or
conditions or apply Effective Technological Measures that restrict exercise of
the rights granted under the Adapter's License.

c. Anti-capitalist and anti-imperialist restriction. You may not exercise the
Licensed Rights in any manner that generates, supports, or is materially
connected to private profit, extractive accumulation, speculative gain, or
commercial brand advantage, except where the Licensor has separately granted
express written permission. You may not exercise the Licensed Rights if You are
a Prohibited Entity or if Your use materially supports, legitimizes, trains,
assists, advertises, or launders the public image of a Prohibited Entity. This
restriction applies whether the use is direct or indirect, and whether the
Licensed Material is used in full, in part, in excerpted form, in adaptation, in
dataset form, in training material, in promotional material, or as part of a
larger collection.

Section 4 - Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights: (a) You may
extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the database
contents for NonCommercial purposes only and never by or for a Prohibited Entity;
(b) if You include a substantial portion of the database contents in a database
in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, that database (but not its
individual contents) is Adapted Material; and (c) You must comply with Section
3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of the database contents. This
Section supplements and does not replace Your obligations under this Public
License where the Licensed Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights.

Section 5 - Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, THE LICENSOR OFFERS THE LICENSED MATERIAL AS-IS AND
AS-AVAILABLE, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHER, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ABSENCE
OF ERRORS. TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY,
OR OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE
OR USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL. WHERE SUCH DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS ARE NOT
ALLOWED, THEY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE FOREGOING SHALL BE INTERPRETED TO MOST
CLOSELY APPROXIMATE AN ABSOLUTE DISCLAIMER AND WAIVER OF ALL LIABILITY.

Section 6 - Term and Termination.

This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar Rights
licensed here. If You fail to comply, Your rights terminate automatically, and
reinstate: (1) automatically if the violation is cured within 30 days of Your
discovery; or (2) upon express reinstatement by the Licensor. The Licensor may
offer the Licensed Material under separate terms or stop distributing at any
time without terminating this Public License. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8
survive termination.

Section 7 - Other Terms and Conditions.

The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different terms communicated
by You unless expressly agreed. Any arrangements regarding the Licensed Material
not stated herein are separate from and independent of this Public License.

Section 8 - Interpretation.

This Public License does not reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any
use that could lawfully be made without permission under this Public License. If
any provision is deemed unenforceable, it shall be automatically reformed to the
minimum extent necessary, or severed if it cannot be reformed, without affecting
the remaining terms. No term will be waived and no failure to comply consented to
unless expressly agreed. Nothing in this Public License constitutes a limitation
upon or waiver of any privileges and immunities that apply to the Licensor or You.

---

This is an independent custom license. It is not a Creative Commons license, is
not approved by Creative Commons, and must not be presented using Creative
Commons trademarks or as a Creative Commons legal tool.

